Where's That Sat?
=================

[@WheresThatSat](https://twitter.com/#!/wheresthatsat) is a Twitter bot that provides current location information about mentioned satellites. It is based on [Chatterbot](http://muffinlabs.com/chatterbot.html) and [Ground Track Generator](https://github.com/anoved/Ground-Track-Generator).

Configuration Files
-------------------

- `tle_sources.txt`: Each line lists the URL of a TLE source. Read by UpdateCatalog.rb, which retrieves each source file and saves each TLE set it contains as a separate file in tle/.
- `tle_catalog.txt`: Index of TLE sets keyed by satellite name. Each line consists of a satellite name, followed by a tab character, followed by the relative path to the corresponding TLE file. Generated by UpdateCatalog.rb. Read by WheresThatSat.rb. Multiple satellite names for the same TLE set are supported (via multiple records). WheresThatSat.rb will reply to directed replies that mention the satellite names that key this file.
- `sat_searches.txt`: Each line lists a satellite name. WheresThatSat.rb will search for and reply to any mentions of satellites named in this file.

To-Do
-----

- Don't reply to retweets of our own Tweets (look for capital "RT" before our name in replies?)
- some false positive replies for "GOES 7" in response to baseball scores... so and so "goes 7 in 1", etc.
- parse times in replies
- parse hash tags in replies as attribute requests
- allow selective reply to specified public tweets (eg, respond to designated vs all sat mentions)
- web mapper component
- heading & illumination/visibility attributes (to-do for gtg)
